## Case Study Questions - Ingredient Optimisation
1. What are the standard ingredients for each pizza?
2. What was the most commonly added extra?
3. What was the most common exclusion?
4. Generate an order item for each record in the customers_orders table in the format of one of the following:
    - `Meat Lovers`
    - `Meat Lovers - Exclude Beef`
    - `Meat Lovers - Extra Bacon`
    - `Meat Lovers - Exclude Cheese, Bacon - Extra Mushroom, Peppers`
5. Generate an alphabetically ordered comma separated ingredient list for each pizza order from the `customer_orders` table and add a 2x in front of any relevant ingredients.
   For example: `"Meat Lovers: 2xBacon, Beef, ... , Salami"`
6. What is the total quantity of each ingredient used in all delivered pizzas sorted by most frequent first?

## Solutions
### 1. What are the standard ingredients for each pizza?
```sql
SELECT 
    pn.pizza_name,
    pt.topping_name
FROM pizza_recipes pr
JOIN pizza_names pn ON pr.pizza_id = pn.pizza_id
JOIN pizza_toppings pt ON FIND_IN_SET(pt.topping_id, pr.toppings);
```
### Result:
# pizza_name	topping_name
Meat Lovers	Bacon
Vegetarian	Cheese

### 2. What was the most commonly added extra?
```sql
SELECT pt.topping_name,
COUNT(*) AS extra_counted
FROM customer_orders co
JOIN pizza_toppings pt ON FIND_IN_SET(pt.topping_id, co.extras)
WHERE co.extras IS NOT NULL
GROUP BY pt.topping_name
ORDER BY extra_counted DESC
LIMIT 1;
```
### Result:
# topping_name	extra_counted
Bacon	4

### 3. What was the most common exclusion?
```sql
SELECT pt.topping_name,
COUNT(*) AS exclusions_counted
FROM customer_orders co
JOIN pizza_toppings pt ON FIND_IN_SET(pt.topping_id, co.exclusions)
WHERE co.exclusions IS NOT NULL
GROUP BY pt.topping_name
ORDER BY exclusions_counted DESC
LIMIT 1;
```
### Result:
# topping_name	exclusions_counted
Cheese	4

### 4.  Generate an order item for each record in the customers_orders table in the format of one of the following

6. Generate an alphabetically ordered comma separated ingredient list for each pizza order from the `customer_orders` table and add a 2x in front of any relevant ingredients.
   For example: `"Meat Lovers: 2xBacon, Beef, ... , Salami"`
7. What is the total quantity of each ingredient used in all delivered pizzas sorted by most frequent first?
